---
title: "Baby's first post"
write-date: "August 2, 2020"
categories: growth&goodlife freelance&entrepreneurship
img: "/images/uploads/temp2.jpg"
youtube: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpPZsSiXi24"
---
Birthday’s are weird. Weirdly wonderful days, loaded with expectations, obligations, family, friends, self aggrandizement, and celebration. They can be shitty and they can be awesome, just like any other day of the year. We all have our own relationships with birthdays, some choosing not to celebrate one at all. Over the years, I’ve developed my own rituals surrounding birthdays, reclaiming them in my own way by gifting presents to myself. This year, I chose to launch my website on my birthday as a present to myself. Shout out to all my Geminis. Over the years I’ve gotten much better at giving myself gifts - I hope that this one turns out to be my best one yet! Thanks for joining me!

Birthdays were tough there for a couple years. They began to change with my 29th birthday in 2014. It was already weird because I had built it up with expectations as ‘the last birthday of my 20s’ and wanted to go HAM at a rave. The new ‘love of my life’ was throwing me a party before he left for South America for 3 years, right before we were about to start long-distance dating. Trust, trust is so huge. With love and trust, you can accomplish anything.

That trust ended up being shattered when I walked in on my ‘at the time boyfriend’ kissing my ‘at the time good friend’ in the bathroom while at my ‘at the time party.’ I told them “It’s OK, it’s OK” as I ran from the room so they wouldn’t feel bad. I then sent the rest of my guests out for the night without me, without much of an explanation. It SUCKED.

It’s too bad I missed the party. I heard later they ended up at a weird shoes off sex party before they were asked to leave and sent to the right address. It would have made for a great story, I live for that shit. Now, with the perspective that only time and working on yourself can afford, I like my story a lot better and I wouldn’t change a thing. Even though I spent the night crying, and the following year with crippling anxiety and depression, in retrospect, it was all worth it. I had to adjust to being really alone for the first time ever.

Previously, I had been with the other ‘love of my life’ for almost 7 years. I met the other one only 6 months after our breakup. I spent that 29th year taking the time to grieve both of those losses. I also grieved the loss of a friend and a diminished social circle as a result. I’ve spent the rest of my time since then learning to like time with myself - AND IT WORKED.

I don’t believe that everything happens for a reason - I do believe that you can take meaning from everything that happens and apply it in a positive way.
After that humdinger of a birthday, turning 30 was a piece of cake. My loving friends went out of their way to throw me an ‘icons’ karaoke birthday bash. This decade was going to start off on the right foot.
