---
title: "Occultism and Me"
write-date: "August 3, 2020"
categories: occult
img: "/images/uploads/temp2.jpg"
youtube: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOalYCz5XXc"
---
At 2:15 am on June 7th, my exact birth time, I decided to do a Celtic Cross spread for myself using the Thoth Tarot Deck. This kind of spread is great for big life events, birthdays, crossroads, etc. Since I am catapulting myself out into the ether online, I thought it would be a nice treat for myself to think about my life, where it is now, where I want it to go, and how to stay prepared for anything. Excerpts are taken from the wonderful “TAROT MIRROR OF THE SOUL,” by Gerd Ziegler.  First thing’s first, I think I should explain a little bit about how I use the cards.

As I alluded in a previous post, I grew up in a family of strong-ass, witchy women. My grandmother on my Dad’s side, ‘Grammy,’ was the first to expose me to magic. She had a magic handkerchief that I used to hide objects under to make them disappear. I mean, it was a smooth trick for a 5 year old, she would remove the objects when I wasn’t looking, but to me it was magical.

Grammy the green witch

Grammy, the green witch, was always cultivating her harem of houseplants and herbs in her garden. She drank cod liver oil, ate raw garlic, and shmeared gloopy aloe vera all over us whenever we got a sunburn.  She was big on self-care, self-love, and all the regular new age stuff, dragging my father to transcendental meditation sessions in his teens. I’m meditating now too Grammy, but we never got to talk about that before you passed away.

Grammy was also very big on astrology and star signs. She was, like myself, a Gemini, and always told me I needed to write or get into communication. People say that women look to astrology as a comfort, especially when so much in our lives seems out of our control (thanks patriarchy). Grammy was certainly a good candidate, having been sent away as a child to a convent for being ‘retarded’ when in fact she was just deaf. Due to some strict ass and abusive nuns, she had a devout and complicated relationship with ‘God.’ For whatever reason, she was very interested in astrology, and gave me my first book on the subject when I was 10 years old.

As for the occult, Grammy gave me a Ouija board to bring to a sleepover when I was 10 years old. It instantly bonded me to some of the girls, and almost got me kicked out by the birthday girl because she was so afraid of it. I wasn’t afraid, and I liked to think that anyone we were reaching out to was friendly or just bored and wanting to talk. That is until my Dad showed my younger sister and I The Exorcist shortly after. That and my Catholic guilt, kept me away from such pursuits…until seeing The Craft anyway.



Flash forward to 2008 when my Mom and Dad traveled to Salem, Massachusetts. Mom was always into witchcraft. Witchcraft represents power and my mother is one powerful woman. She was recently labelled the “va-jay-jay queen” at her retirement party 2 weeks ago. She was an O.R. nurse and number one on the scene for vaginal surgery apparently - I’m always learning new things about my parents. Anyway, Mom bought me the Thoth Deck by the world’s best known occultist, Aleister Crowley.

I found the deck fascinating and began using it right away. It wasn’t until the following year after purchasing the companion book that I was able to make more sense of the cards. Links at the bottom of the post.

So, while I come from a line of witchy women, I don’t see tarot or astrology as a predictor of my future or locking me into any particular destiny. I use both as tools for introspection and self-care, taking a time out just for myself to delve into either. They both help me to think about my life from a different perspective, ask myself questions, and to think about a way forward with whatever I’m dealing with. For tarot in particular, it’s a part of my nighttime routine. I draw three cards each night to help me think about my life and then jot them down in my journal. It’s a great way to get to know the cards, and perfect for nighttime reflection - which we should all be doing.

Sometimes I will make time to do a more in depth spread. I’ll light some candles, put on some witchy music, meditate, and reflect on my life while I shuffle the cards. This helps to prime my brain with memories and emotion so that I can get more out of the reading. It is a self-care ritual that I am never giving up.

On my birthday, I put on some Zola Jesus and made some time for just me. I’m going to share my spread with you, and the meanings behind the cards. I also posted the Key Words, Indications, Questions, Suggestions, and Affirmations from Ziegler’s book. I’ll answer the questions and add my personal meaning for each card.

So at 2:15 am on June 7th, while trying to get this site finished for my birthday, I did my spread. I shit you not, it came out like this.  It’s one of my best reads to date and perfectly inline with how I’ve been feeling. That’s the witchy part about tarot that I love - all of the little coincidences and synchronicities that help to give me faith in myself and my path.

Yep, my cards are a little worn, used, and soaked in alcohol, just like me.

1) Basic Card, My basic situation:
7 of Wands - Valour
“Key Words: Mars in Leo; courage, daring; impact; taking risks; no compromises

Indication: Being true to yourself includes standing up for your own truth even in the face of immense resistance. Trust your power. In this present situation, you must assert yourself at all costs.

Question: Are you ready to accept all consequences? Become aware of whatever fears have prevented you until now from asserting yourself.

Suggestion: Study Don Juan's description of an impeccable warrior in Carlos Castaneda's Journey to Ixtlan.*

Affirmation: I express my own reality openly and honestly”

7 of Wands - Valour Tarot
Ha. I decided long ago that I cannot do anything but accept all consequences. Things in my life this year have changed drastically, putting everything on the line to leave a job that was no longer healthy for me. Starting this blog with big aspirations for the future. Putting myself out there. Fear will always be there, but I have decided to stop acting out of fear and instead act out of love. Come what may, I’m doing things my way for the first time in my life and it feels great. It’s scary putting yourself out there because you will always be judged - so if I’m going to be judged anyway, fuckkit - here I am. Check back in with me next year ;)

2) Influences the basic situation:
Ace of Wands
Ace of Wands Tarot
“Key Words: fire; high or strong energy; transformation.

Indication: You are full of power and energy! Engage fully in discovering where and how you can and want to use it!  

Questions: What attracts you (to doing it) the most? What gives you the most pleasure? In what framework could you realize your dreams?

Suggestion: Draw cards for the above questions.

Affirmation: I express my energy and power openly”

This is a bigtime energy card, second only to The Sun. It basically means that, bitch, you better plan your trajectory because you’re a motherfucking rocket. It’s about removing blocks and finding a creative outlet. *Ahem* Balance Bitch. I’m so grateful that I finally got off of my ass and started something creative just for me, the way I want, and need to do it. This blog, and all the exciting things I have planned for it and myself excites me. I already like hanging out alone, listening to tunes, and writing. I’m so ready to use this energy, power, and VOICE.

3) My conscious thoughts about the situation:
Queen of Disks
Queen of Disks Tarot
“Key Words: the watery aspect of earth; fruitfulness; physical nourishment; overcoming the barren past.

Indications: You have past through an arid stretch on your journey and have now arrived in more fruitful surroundings. Now you can rest and devote some attention to yourself and your physical needs.

Questions: In what ways have you neglected your body, your outer self? Do you indulge yourself?

Suggestion: Devote more attention to your health and physical beauty than you have until now.

Affirmation: I give my body the gift of loving attention, it gives me the gift of life energy, joy in living and health.”

Fuck yes. Since being off on stress leave (something I never ever pictured myself doing) I have realized what a toll work was taking on my mental, physical, and emotional health. I stopped drinking mostly and finally quit smoking. I’m able to cook healthy meals for myself instead of collapsing into a mess of tears the moment I leave work and then cooking a pizza pocket for dinner. I was diagnosed with sleep apnea last year (which is linked with anxiety). I’m sleeping SO much better, no longer playing the days events over and over in my head. I’m meditating every morning and have just added 10 push ups and a few stretches to my morning routine. I have time to care about my body, which was definitely missing out while I was stressed. I will need to stay vigilant about taking care of my body everyday if I want to succeed. I won’t apologize for taking the time to take care of my body and to give it the love and attention it deserves.

4) My unconscious thoughts about the situation:
10 of Disks - Wealth
10 of disks Wealth Tarot
“Key Words: Mercury in Virgo; inner and outer richness; ability to make the inner wealth visible and share it with others.

Indications: You have attracted to you everyone who is a part of your life. You have created every situation in your life, and you create your own reality. The wealth in your hands is your own to do with what you like. The responsibility is yours, and you are endlessly wealthy!

Questions: Do you know about your inner wealth? Do you share it generously?

Suggestion: On a piece of paper, write down all the qualities which constitute your inner riches.

Affirmation: I am internally and externally rich, and free, and enjoy everything, thankfully and in surrender.”

As a Gemini, Mercury is my ruling planet - it’s all about communication. This card is about recognizing the wealth in consciousness and that it needs to be shared if it’s to remain valuable. STORY-FUCKING-TELLING. I think I know about my inner wealth, but I'll forever be figuring it out because I plan to always be evolving. I’m sharing all my shit here and I’ll try to be generous. Talk about Napoleon hill and Jen Sincero and Napoleon Hill also come to mind. I read both of their books this year. I took their advice and got real with my views on money. I didn’t realize how many bad unconscious feelings I had about money until I did this. I’m a true believer that our thoughts shape our reality and it always helps to shine some light onto the darkness and ask - why do I feel this way and how could it be affecting me? Money isn’t inherently bad, it is just a tool. It can be used for good or evil in the current world order. I’ve long known about my inner wealth but I’m looking to make some outer wealth now. I’m ready. And regardless of my current paycheck ($0), I already feel richer than I have in ages.

5) Past influences, that which is just ending:
8 of Swords - Interference
8 of Swords Interference Tarot
“Key Words: Jupiter in Gemini; problems with endurance; worry from thinking too much; difficulty in making a choice.

Indications: Let things rest and develop on their own for a while. As long as doubt concerning these decisions remains, don't go for anything new. Jupiter is harbinger of unforeseen and unexpected change for the better. The problem which seems unsolvable now will find its own solution in its own way.  

Question: What alternatives are you torn between now?

Suggestion: Relax and let things develop. Draw cards for the possible alternatives. Affirmation: I am relaxed and trust Life.”

HAHAHA Yessss - FUCK you interference! The worst part of any decision is not making it, but the timely and painful indecision that comes before making it. What can I do? Who can I talk to? What will happen? What will they think? What will I do catastrophizing. Deciding ‘fuck it’ to how everything else turns out and focusing only on myself for awhile feels like the best decision I’ve made in my life so far. I am not going to be lying in my deathbed thinking “I wish I had toughed in out through all the hard times so I could have stayed at the same job until I retired.” Chances are I would most likely be thinking about “Why didn’t I ever take the chance and go for it? Create? Start a business? Help people? Trust in myself? Trust life?”

When you finally admit that you only have control over the present moment, everything in your life changes. I’m no longer torn between starting a new life or remaining in my old one. I’m here and I’m ready - come what may, I’m finally living my life.

6) Future influences, that which is just beginning:
The Emperor
The Emperor Tarot

”Key Words: Aries; pioneer, discoverer, leader, initiator; creative wisdom; great leadership qualities; urge for action, adventurousness, new beginning; fatherhood, authority.

Indication: This is a propitious moment for a change or a new beginning. Trust your own energy and move with it.

Questions: What revitalization does your life need? Are there steps you would like to take toward this?

Suggestion: Examine yourself critically, especially in regard to your relations with subordinates and superiors.

Affirmation: I trust my power. I rule by serving, I serve by ruling.”

I finally get to be a man?! I’m hetero and white too? Success is mine! Sorry guys, #notallmen. The Emperor makes me think of a rich, white, straight man ruling the world.


OK, there are some great rich, white, straight men out there, using their voice and platform to empower those less privileged. Awesome. Like Kesha, I can’t but wonder - What if rich, white, straight, men didn’t rule the world anymore? Makes me think of a poem that Zoe Leonard wrote in 1992 called, "I want a president."

i_want_a_president_zoe leonard.jpg
Powerful stuff - and back in 1992, before our current plight in the darkest timeline. I won’t say his name, but he’s got LDE.

From the time I was a young child, I understood the way men were viewed in the world, which may explain my obsession with drawing dicks onto everything. My best friend, Carly, can attest to my love of this. It started in early childhood, but continued to adulthood across art forms. Here’s one I made last year…

More THROBBING veins = More POWER

Dicks represent a kind of power - you know, the kind that men have all around the world? My friend, Anna, recently told me I had mega BDE. Thanks girl - you’ve got mega BDE too. As does Celine Dion.

Back to the actual Emperor Card and not rich, white, straight, men…they get enough attention. The revitalization my life needs is being myself openly and authentically. It’s trusting in myself, my talents, my goals, my adaptability, my ideas, and my BDE. It’s about making the space for me to be myself. A place for me to have an authentic voice. It’s about creating my own goddamn empire. I’ve never had a ‘subordinate’ but I’ve had many superiors. I think I’ll make a great superior, because I certainly know what the other side is like. I’m starting with this blog, but I want to keep evolving my voice in new and interesting ways and forms. I want to be a voice for others. I want to lift myself and others up. I want to help expand consciousness. And I want to start drawing vaginas.

7) Myself My attitude & approach to the situation:
6 of Cups - Pleasure
The 6 of Cups Pleasure Tarot
“Key Words: Sun in Scorpio; lust, enjoyment; pleasure in sexual relationships; rich exchange of sexual and heart energy; emotional renewal.

Indication: Enjoy now all which life gives you. This is the best way to express your gratitude.

Question: Are you holding on to old beliefs which prevent your enjoyment of pleasure?

Suggestion: Enjoy your own emotional wealth and share it with a partner.

Affirmation: I am now open to a partner with whom I can share the joys of love on all levels.”

Emotional renewal? YAS. I’m currently working on balancing the pleasure of enjoying the moment with the work that needs to go into myself and this website. Don’t get me wrong, I love working, but I girl needs sunshine. Time to get a laptop I think. I am grateful every day for this time I have given myself to explore. To get better at being me. Not nearly enough people are fortunate enough to do - I recognize this amazing oppourtunity I have to just write and create. I’m giving myself until September to put everything I can into this site - while also relishing in this unique time to work for myself. Come September, I’ll have to reevaluate my time and finances, but until then…FUCK this is good.

I have been sharing with partners, namely my friends and shocker, after years of being on my own, I have someone else special in my life too. We met last year on the other side of the world in Maui while we were both traveling solo. He happened to live in the next town over back in Canada so…thanks again universe!

It’s scary for me to open up to a partner, I can be rather fierce with my independence (definitely to a fault). He’s been wonderful and nothing but supportive on this new crazy journey of mine. We went back to where we met last year and spent a week living out of a van. It was awesome and challenging, and it brought us closer. I was scribbling in my journal one morning after swimming nekked in some tide pools…

Maui 2019

He looked over at me, smiled, said my name, and opened his arms wide with fingers outstretched to emphasize it as if it were on a billboard “Writer.” He even bought me a beautiful fountain pen for my birthday to keep the encouragement coming. Thank you my dear.

Opening up to joy and love opens you up to feeling pain and sorrow in equal amounts. It’s just one of those things about life - you can’t have one without the other. I hope to keep approaching every moment with love and open arms. The pain of grief and loss is worth the joy of loving. <3

8) Energies coming to me from the outer world:
Knight of Swords
Knight of Swords Tarot

”Key Words: the fiery aspect of air; goal-oriented, ambition, flexible intellectual powers; passion, vehemence.

Indication: You are in a good position now to forge plans, set goals and bring them to fruition.

Questions: Do you know your goal? What happens once you achieve it? Suggestion: Imagine how you will best be able to enjoy your success.

Affirmation: I know my goal and I know what I am working towards. Each goal is just a milestone on the way to my ultimate destination.”

The three swallows on the card represent body, mind, and spirit. Exactly what I’m trying to balance in my own life and write about in this blog. This guy knows that only goals which are emotionally charged can ignite that burning passion we all have inside of us somewhere. The two swords represent analytical (male) and intuitive (female) powers deployed equally. He don’t need no reins, because he’s so balanced in his approach that the two have become one.

What is my ultimate destination? Right now, I want to write, create media, learn how to sing and use my voice literally (vocally). I want to learn and Read. Take Care of myself. I want to make money - lots of money. I want to use that money for myself, my family, and my friends. I want to make something much bigger than myself with my money and influence to help others. I want to be able to travel when I want to. I want to take breaks away from work and responsibilities when I can. I want to write a book. I want to have a positive influence on others. I want to meet my role models and become a role model for others. I want a farm with a huge garden and animals where children can come and learn about nature. I want to grow infinitely.

When I achieve my goals, I will set new ones in ways that I cannot even imagine in this moment. There’s no end in sight. There is only this moment, my goals, and the balance I need to keep between them and enjoying the now.

9) My hopes and fears:
The Star
The Star Tarot
“Key Words: Aquarius; inspiration, crystallization, self-recognition, radiating, clear vision, trust in the self; connection to universal intelligence.

Indications: Let your star rise, and stay in contact with the earth. Trust your environment and find ways to let others share in it. You will be tested and recognized by the fruits you bear.

Question: Are you totally fulfilled in your present area of work?

Suggestion: Check to see if you are doing everything possible to bring your ideas to fruition.

Affinnation: My creative powers of imagination and my connection to all-encompassing consciousness show me the way to realize my ideas.”

Tested and recognized by the fruits you bear…that is the way. You’ll vibrate on the same frequency as some and be comepletely thrown off by the frequency of others. But, don’t you want to attract others that vibrate at your frequency? Fuck yes you do, we’re all looking for our tribe. How else are we supposed to find each other unless we speak up. Again, telling stories is important.

“Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.” - Aristotle
But then, people will probably just criticize you for being nothing. So put yourself out there and don’t you ever forget where you came from or what you did to get where you are. The people that have supported you - your cheerleaders.

Right now, I’m pretty satisfied with my work. I’m focused on improvement - for this website and myself. I’m hoping to incorporate the two. I did some Marie Kondo-ing to my place now that I’m working from home…my office is a fucking disaster and papers are next to tackle

Office in need of Marie Kondo
I’ve got a post coming up about purpose and another about becoming a morning person, but I’d love to hear from you guys to see what you’d like me to write about. Enter something in the comments below and let’s get WEIRD.

10) Result, outcome, key:
The Hierophant
The Hierophant Tarot
“Key Words: Taurus; spiritual master, teacher, advisor, initiate, inner guide, spiritual father; highest transformation.

Indication: The search for the Self leads you into spiritual realms. This card can point to a meeting with a spiritual teacher or master. Be open!

Question: Is there any master of wisdom (past or present) to whom you feel attracted?

Suggestions: Involve yourself with the teachings of spiritual masters. Seek the presence of a master or teacher. Involve yourself in groups for personal growth. Be honest, open and receptive in these groups. Pay attention to the instructions of your heart.

Affirmation: There is only one voice worth listening to, the voice of my own heart.”

Any spiritual masters out there? Mentors? Get at me, I’d love to have some guidance from a mentor. There are so many wonderful people out there to learn from. I’m going to keep reading and receiving my mentorship that way - I’ve posted some titles that have helped me below.  I’ll keep reading until I bust out into that stratosphere and into Busy Philipps’ arms! Gurl get at me, I’m getting a Busy phone installed.   
